 ùDatei : KEYWORDS.TXT  (Stand:9.9.88)

1 - Beliebige Liste 
2 - von Stichworten: 
3 - ================ 
40 microkelvin 
ABMR 
AI-reaction 
AM of laser beams 
Abl 
Absorbing material 
AlGaAs diode laser 
All-solid-state pulser 
Atomic beam magnetic reso 
Axicon 
Ba 
Beam compression 
Beam propagation 
Bragg reflector 
Bragg scattering 
CF4 absorbtion 
CS 
Ca 
Cav 
Cesium Cs 
Chan 
Clinical endoscope 
Computer-control 
Cs 
Deceleration of AB 
Dens 
Dipole trap 
Dipth 
Diptr 
Displacements om surface 
EO phase modulator 
ESR 
Earnshaw Theorem 
Electron Beam Cooling 
Electron bombardement 
Electron energy analyzer 
Electron spin 
Electro-optic modulator 
Fast photomultiplier tube 
Fiber mounting device 
Fokker-Planck equation 
Fresnel number 
GaAlAs 
Gas-microphone detection 
Gaussian beam parameter 
Golay-cell detector 
Gru 
H 
Hamamatsu R928 and R955 
He 
Helmholtz equation 
Hematoporphyrin 
Hfs-splitting 
Higher order Sideband 
Isotope shifts 
KDP-isomorphs 
Kapitza-Dirac effect 
King Plot 
Kirchhoff's integral equ. 
Koll 
Komp 
Kr-ion-laser 
KÅhl 
LID 
LIF 
Langmuir-Taylor 
Langmuir-Taylor Detector 
Las 
Laser Cooling 
Laser Velocity Selector 
Laser cooled atoms 
Laser diode 
Laser interferometer 
Laser optics 
Lateral movement 
Li 
Lid 
Linear Amplifier 
Lopt 
Low-energy ion-beam 
Magnetic molasse 
Magtr 
Mech 
Mertz's first method 
Metro 
Mg 
Mie-scattering 
MinK 
Monel sheath 
Monte-Carlo 
Monte-Carlo simulation 
Multiple reflections 
NSD 
Na 
Na Sodium 
Na Sodium EOM 
Na atomic beams 
NaSp 
Nasp 
Na-Na collision process 
Nd:YAG 
Ne 
Non-destuctive testing 
Nuclear Physics 
OG effect 
Optical molasse 
Optical trapping 
Optp 
PID control 
PVDF Paul radio-frequ. Trap 
Paul trap 
Pendelloesung 
Penning trap 
Phase-Space Cooling 
Photoacoustic technique 
Photodynamic therapy 
Photothermal effect 
Polarized atomic targets 
Puls 
Pulsed gas lasers 
Q 
Quantum Amplifier 
R6G 
Radiation pressure 
Ram 
Ray transfer matrix 
Rayleigh-size 
Rb 
Reg 
Relative transit times 
Rhodamine 6G 
SBC 
SBS 
STD-bus 
Sca 
Semiconductor Laser 
Sodium 
Sodium Na 
Sodium atoms 
Spth 
Sptr 
Standing wave light 
Steh 
Stern-Gerlach 
Stern-Gerlach Experiment 
Stern-Gerlach experiment 
Supermolasse 
SweK 
Swek                                                  
Thermal drift
Topographic imaging 
Trap 
Tunable IR-laser 
Tunnel spectroscopy 
Type K thermocouples 
UV radiation 
VUV-Radiation generation 
Vibration 
Z80-processor 
Zr 
absorption 
active temperaturecontrol 
adiabatic interaction 
alkali-metals 
annular beam expander 
assoziative ioization 
atomic beam collimation atomic beam compression 
atomic beam cooling 
atomic beam deflection 
atomic density 
atomic density increase 
atomic mirror 
axicon 
axisymmetric light field 
barium Atoms 
beam deflection 
beam propagation 
beam transformation 
birefringent atomic beam 
bose condensation 
calcium 
cavity length 
cesium atomic beam Cs 
channeling 
chirped laser radiation 
clusters 
cold atomic beams 
cold storage cells 
collimated atomic beam 
collisional process 
collision-induced losses 
computer simulation 
computer-controlled 
confinemenf time 
cooled beams application 
cooling of neutral beams 
counterpropagating beam 
counterpropagating beams 
counterpropagating rad. 
crystaline phase 
crystallization 
deflection 
deflection of atomic beam 
defocusing 
density increase 
density matrix equations 
diffraction images 
diffraction patterns 
diode laser 
dipole force 
doppler cooling 
doubling of cw dye lasers 
dressed atom approach 
dye solvents 
dyes 
dynamical polarization 
electro-optic-modulation 
far field 
first order Doppler shift 
focusing 
frequency chirping 
frequency doubling 
frequency standards 
frequency sweep method fundamental constants 
gI- 
gain lineshape 
gas jet properties 
gas target 
gaussian beam 
gaussian beams TEM00 
gaussian laser beam 
gradient force 
heating of atoms 
high-prec. spectroscopy 
hollow cathode 
inhomogenous light field 
intense cold atomic beam 
intensity distribution 
internal reflection 
inverted population prod. 
isotope separation 
laser deceleration 
laser lens 
laser spectroscopy 
laser stabilization 
laser-unperturbed dischar 
light-pressure trap 
linear 
lin. chirp opt. pulses 
long-time limit 
magnet method 
magnetic trap 
magneto-opic trap 
metastable state 
methods of cooling 
microwave transitions 
mode locking 
mode matching 
mode-switched DFB mode 
molecular-dynamics MO 
momentum fluctuation 
multi-level atom 
neutral atom trap 
neutral atomic beams 
nondifracting beams 
nonresonant scattering 
nonstationary resonance 
non-gaussian beams 
non-waveguide liquid cell 
nucl. spin depolarization 
numerical calculation 
numerical simulation 
off-axis images 
optical 
optical Bloch equations 
optical Earnshaw theorem 
optical Stern-Gerlach 
optical forces on atoms 
optical frequ. standards 
optical hyperfine pumping 
optical molasse optical molasses 
optical pumping 
optical spectroscopy 
optical trap 
optical trapping 
optical tweezers 
optimum laser output 
output power 
paramagnetic atoms 
phase transitions 
photon-atom interaction 
photon-counting image sys 
picosecond sources 
plane dielectric interfac 
polarization spectroscopy 
polarization techniques 
polarized light 
polynomial form voltages 
power supply 
power-buildup cavity 
precision spectroscopy 
properties 
pseudomolecules 
pulse compression 
pulsed Nd:YAG laser 
pulsed-gas jet 
pyroelectric 
quadratic form voltages 
quantum fluctuations 
quant. fluctuation 
radial focusing 
radiation detector 
radiation pressure force 
radiative cooling 
random-walk picture 
ray optics 
recoil 
recoil eff. in res. field 
relaxation sidebands 
relay cooling 
release and recapture 
resonance fluorescence 
resonant field force 
resonant radiation press 
resonant rad. pressure 
resonant traveling wave 
resonator modes 
resonators modes 
res. radiation pressure 
ring laser 
rms momentun transfer 
scattering force 
sec. electron emission 
short-time limit 
side frequency tuning 
six-pole magnet 
small saturation 
sodium sodium atoms 
spatial-frequ. variation 
spherical mirrors 
spin exchange 
spin refrigeration 
spin seperation 
spin-polarized hydrogen 
spontaneous force 
spontaneous scattering 
spontaneous transition 
standing light wave 
standing wave 
steering 
stimulated Cooling 
stimulated emission 
stimulated transition 
stim.Brillouin scattering 
stopband 
storage rings 
sub-Kelvin temperatures 
surface ionizer 
symmetric deflection 
target density 
temperature measurements 
theory 
thermal atomic beam 
three dimensional trap 
time of flight 
transverse Stern-Gerlach 
transverse cooling 
transverse dipole forces 
trap 
trapped atom acceleration 
trapped ions 
trapping 
trapping of atoms 
traveling plane wave 
two-frequency laser 
velocity distribution 
velocity modification 
velocity selection 
waist shift 
white-light cooling 
